How to play: 

The purpose of the game is to collect as many stars (points) as possible without dying.

N.B Player can play the game by using the up,down,right and left key of the keyboard 
1. Start the game by pressing enter. 
2. Pause the game by pressing enter, and restart the game by pressing enter. 
3. Control the spaceship using the arrow keys. 
4. Shoot a bullet by using space. The number of enemies you have killed is displayed in the upper right corner.  
5. Each player have 3 life at start. The number of life you currently have is displayed in the upper right corner.
6. If you collide with an enemy (UFO) you loose 1 life.
7. If you have 0 life left then it's Game Over. 
8. You can gain additional life by moving the spaceship and collect hearts. 
9. Collect stars to gain points by moving the spaceship and collide with the stars. The number of points  
   or the score you have is displayed in the upper left corner. 
10. After collecting a certain amount of stars, a boss will appear. A boss have more life than
    UFOs so you have to shoot it more times in order to kill it.
11. If you collide with a boss, you die and it's Game Over.
12. Each boss have 3 life, so you need to shoot it three times in order to kill it . 
13. The boss will continue to reappear randomly again at the top until you are able to kill it.
14. If you kill a boss, you earn 10 points.
15. The moving speed of the boss will increase according to the number of point you earn. The more
    points you have, the faster the boss will move. 

Save and continue a game: 

1. You can save a game by pressing a save text on the topMenuBare which finds on the very top of the gameboard.
2. You can save as many times as you want during the game, but only the last version will be saved. 
3. Load or continue your last game by choosing "Continue last game" in the main menu window. 
4. When you continue a old game, you can still save the game by pressing S on the keyboard. You can continue
   by going back to the main menu and choose continue your last game. 

Difficulty levels:

There's 3 different levels available. Easy, medium and hard. 
The difference is in the number of enemies, how fast the enemies appear and how fast the enemies moves. 
The harder the level, the faster the enemies will appear and move. It will also be more difficult to gain 
additional life if you choose to play at a more difficult level. 



GOOD LUCK! 